Week 1
Formed our group of 5 and discussed what we all want to focus on programming 
wise; who wants to work on database/frontend/backend. I took on the role as 
scrum master and created the Jira page.

I suggested the idea of making a competitive "Yavalath" website. We wrote up the
initial proposal as a group and discussed what extra features and functionality
we want to contribute to individually. I made sure that everyone had something
that they were excited to work on during the term. 

My week mainly consisted of revising, rewriting and emailing the draft proposal 
to the lecturer and lab assistant until it was approved. I got our custom 
project approved on Sunday.

During this time we fleshed out what our project was going to deliver and we 
have a good understanding of what we want to build this term.

These are the meetings we are planning for next week:
- Group meeting (Finalise project design and functions)
- UI meeting
- Database meeting
- Programming stack (Get a prototype working)


Week 2
I organised the group meetings this week and delegated tasks that need to be 
completed this week. I finished setting up the Github/Jira pages for our group 
and posted them in our group discord for everyone to access along with other 
helpful links to keep track of our design documents.

In the Tuesday group meeting I outlined everything we needed to achieve in the 
project and made sure we all understood what we were working on this term. 
Together we brainstormed the layout of the website and what functions we are 
going to provide. We also worked on 'explaining the project purpose' to make it 
clear what we will be delivering at the end of the term.

On Wednesday, I created a diagram to show the use cases of the website based on 
what we made on Tuesday. I also wrote descriptions to explain each function. 
I uploaded this document to our confluence. Jacky X worked on getting uwebsockets 
set up with C++ but was running into some problems. I helped with some of the 
linking issues and we will be trying to set this up on Docker later.

On Thursday I attended the UI meeting with Jacky X and Yirong. I suggested some 
ideas for some pages and gave feedback on the work they had already done. 
Overall what they have made looks good.

On Saturday we had our database meeting with Jacky J and Sage. We worked on 
creating some diagrams to show what tables we need and how they relate to each 
other. We discussed several approaches for retrieving data in different 
situations. We have made tables for User/friends/match/games/replay/outcomes/comments. 
We need to make a table that stores move sequences.

Next week we need to:
- Setup the Jira Backlog 
- Write report
- Install code stack
- Begin prototyping

